I. GENERAL PROGRAM EXECUTION.  To open 'with arguments', run
	from the command line or drag the appropriate files onto
	an icon that launches sneedacity. In each of the following
	cases, expected results are that sneedacity should open
	without crashing, and passed-in filenames should be
	opened appropriately, or a prompt to open an unknown
	format should be given.

	A. Open sneedacity with no arguments.
	B. Open sneedacity with one .wav file as an argument.
	C. Open sneedacity with more than one .wav file as an
	argument.
	D. Open sneedacity with an .mp3 file as an argument.
	E. Open sneedacity with a non-audio file as an argument.
	F. Open sneedacity with one audio file and one non-audio
	file as arguments.

II. CLOSING.  Sneedacity should perform all operations without 
	segmentation fault.
	
	A. Open one project window with no content. In each case,
		no "Save Project" feedback should be given on close.
		A1. Close using title-bar 'x'.
		A2. Close using File|Exit.
		A3. Close using File|Close.

	B. Open one project window and create a new audio track
		with "Project|New Audio Track". In each case, a 
		"Save Project" feedback should be given on close.
		B1. Close using title-bar 'x'.
		B2. Close using File|Exit.
		B3. Close using File|Close.

	C. Open two project windows:

		C1. Close both windows in the order you opened them;
			C1a. Using title-bar 'x'. (Each project should
		close individually)
			C1b. Using File|Exit. (Both projects should close)
			C1c. Using File|Close. (Each project should close
		individually)

		C2. Close both windows in the order you opposite of
		the order you opened them;
			C2a. Using title-bar 'x'. (Each project should
		close individually)
			C2b. Using File|Exit. (Both projects should close)
			C2c. Using File|Close. (Each project should close individually)

III. WINDOW DECOR:
	
	A: Open a new Sneedacity project.
			A1. Titlebar should say "Sneedacity"
			A2. Status window should say "Welcome to
				Sneedacity version X" (write down what X is).
	B: Open a new Sneedacity project with a .wav file as a
				command line argument.

			B1. Title bar should initially say "Sneedacity".
				After file is imported, title should change to
				the filename (with extension).

			B2. Status window should say "Welcome to
				Sneedacity version X".
	C: Open a new Sneedacity project. Then open a .wav file
				with the "File|Open" menu.
			C1. Titlebar should say the file's name
				(with extension.)
			C2. Status window should say "Welcome to
				Sneedacity version X"
	D: Open a new Sneedacity project. Then open a .wav file
				with the "File|Open" menu. Then close the file.
			D1. Titlebar should say the "Sneedacity".
			D2. Status window should be blank.
